Docs non benchmark usage (#24)
intel-retail/vision-self-checkout: docs_src/pipelinerun.md

./docker-run.sh --platform core|xeon|dgpu.x --inputsrc rtsp://127.0.0.1:8554/camera_0 --ocr 5 GPU
```  

> ### option 2 to run object detectionwith simuated camera:

Reviewer: missing space:
```suggestion
### option 2 to run object detection with simuated camera:
```

> ### option 2 to run object detection with simuated camera:

Reviewer 2: typo: simulated
